Hey, people, I'll show you today.
for you
this collection of aeroflot dolls
including the princess Cinderella
each of these good teams is sold
centered her dress is all of
plastic and its technicians that make it
background then opened space for the
cinderella princess
she floats just like princess ariel
who also floats the beautiful princess and
Rapunzel does not improve
collection the queen elson and the princess ana
of the frozen movie a consonant adventure is
Now let's all jump in the water.
the beautiful dress is all yellow
dariel is rapunzel green is purple and pink
Of course, as you already know.
they look blue
This is it people, thank you very much for
watch my videos and
lots more water toys here at
my channel